between two people is this smile but
what happens when your smile is the one
thing you hate about yourself yeah I
understand I mean I used to have all
kind of chopped up teeth in it yeah look
at those choppers now baby this week on
the doctor is in we meet a young woman
who says that her smile is anything but
happy there are few things more
important to feeling beautiful than
having an attractive smart it's the key
to a good first impression that has
eluded 22 year-old Jennifer far great
since the other kids made cruel fun I
remember one day in sixth grade and a
little boy came up to me and I was
smiling and he told me that I looked
like a horse it was a biting cut that
has never gone away and that kind of
stuck with me you know for my entire
life really here is what Jennifer says
is wrong when I smile I have really big
gun and I have really tiny teeth in
comparison to my guns he does her best
to compensate for the perceived defend I
cover my mouth because I'm very aware of
it but the gum problem affects her
confidence her friendships and her
dating I get a little a little more
aware of it around on new crowd of
people new guys so we introduced the
patient's a periodontist Edward got
asthma I'm very excited about it and I
think that it's really gonna impact me a
lot i'm really good up my game I guess
hi hi Jennifer how are you right away he
went to work well to give Jennifer a
brand new spot
alrighty Jennifer's here here but let's
first see that before picture we want to
take a look at the before picture okay
there's some gums going on there there's
some guns yeah but not so bad not so bad
but she didn't like she was she was but
she was insecure about it here's
Jennifer after the procedure let's see
her new smile Oh what is different to
what we see analyzing your favorite so
doctor we have our doctor here actually
the person who did this executor Aragon
ragazza did you lengthen her cheek as a
matter of fact we did her teeth were to
begin with very short because she
actually had very very large upper jaw
development so what we had to do was
correct for that with a crown
lengthening procedure yeah so it's it's
it's basically you put crowns on the
teeth actually she's never had any
crowns at all her teeth are were always
there they were just concealed and all
we had to do was revealed if everybody
she had a beautiful smile but you
couldn't see it till now what do you
mean reveal them how did you reveal well
what we had to do was get to correct for
the short teeth by removing some gum
tissue oh you don't stretch the tea no
no my god yeah we just are you happy
Richard I have never been so happy oh
it's so pretty amazing was it changed
your life I have so much more confidence
now I can get out there and just meet
people just do everything like a normal
kid now yay interesting I'm ended her it
didn't hurt at all really yeah didn't
how does that awesome did you give her
lots of novocaine yes he has a matter of
fact to the laughing gas a little bit I
gas jet blue light on this little bit of
novocaine and and about an hour worth of
work and how much does that cost I hate
to keep going back to that well I'll
tell her yeah yeah it's pretty variable
I mean that you could be anywhere from
2,500 to five thousand dollars depending
on where in the country you go all right
dr. mark segal join me jack you know
what i want to say about this is first
of all you have to go to someone like
him it was really an expert in this you
don't want cosmetic procedures to be
done by the wrong people secondly you
got to make sure you really need it if
you know some people are going to watch
this and say maybe I should get it I
only want it to be given to the people
who really need
can benefit from it psychologically
third it's a very well tolerated
procedure but you also got to watch out
for risk of infection and make sure that
you look before he in my area vitamin
deficiencies things that can give you
problems with the gums that are not
cosmetic first rule that out haha that
makes that makes a lot of sense then
your mom is out in the audience Carol
yes hey what do you think hi I think she
looks beautiful and I'm so happy would
you really I mean as a child she was
really embarrassed about it I even as a
young woman I i seriously had no idea
she was herself around us but obviously
in front of her friends she was really
upset matter so all people that have
little teeth they're really hiding in
their gums frequently that's the problem
and it's really easy to correct yeah
sound like any procedure and in addition
because her case was so advanced we
actually had to also lower her lip so we
know her her lip yeah how did you do
wait hold on a second jack why'd you do
that it's called a lip repositioning
procedure and its rich krill it's quite
simple I mean you do with lipstick
that's that simple how did you do it
well under local anesthesia we just take
a little bit of the inside of the lip
away and just suture it a little lower
down that's another key point here was
this the whole procedure was able to be
done under local anesthesia that's
because when you start getting at the
general anesthesia but this was done
locally and looks beautiful you look
sensation you do look great occhiali no
she does she's highly looking
procedure Jennifer how you could go to
our website mej show calm and find out a
little bit coming up next is water the
way to clear your skin you for that haze
in